---
title		: Essential Studio for PHP 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
description	: Essential Studio for PHP 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
platform	: php
---

# Essential JS for PHP Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_4 version=site.version.2016_vol_4 %} 





## Signature `preview`

We have launched new control for capturing the digital signature with mouse and touch compatibility. The Signature is used to capture or drawing the smooth signatures.


### Features
{:#signature-features}

* Signature captures signature as vector outlines of the strokes
* Using Signature we can customize the background, stroke width and stroke color. 
* Provided Undo, Redo & Clear options.
* Converts the captured signature into image format.
## Common

### Bug Fixes
{:#common-bug-fixes}

* \#166059 - PHP Sample Browser now works properly in Linux platform.
## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* Support provided to change the unassigned swim lane key values with user defined keys.

## ListBox

### Features
{:#listbox-features}

* We have provided template support for ListBox with virtual scrolling using the newly added API `itemHeight` to customize the items.
## ListView

### Features
{:#listview-features}

* We have provided localization support for ListView header text.
## Ribbon

### Features
{:#ribbon-features}

* On-demand rendering support provided for ribbon tabs and backstage.

## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* Month name(in short format) is displayed on the Schedule date header, when more than one month is rendered in the horizontal custom view.

### Breaking changes
{:#schedule-breaking-changes}

* \#166818 - Day column in the Agenda view is localized correctly now, while switching to different cultures.

## Spreadsheet

### Features
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for Excel-Like Pivot Table.

### Bug Fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#163548 - Provided event for formula cells recalculation when updating its dependent cell value.
* \#165134 - Provided support for disable or enable resizing option in shape element(chart, picture).
## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#157634 – Provided the option to highlight the full row of TreeView node in TreeView control.
