---
title		: Essential Studio for PHP 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
description	: Essential Studio for PHP 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
platform	: php
---

# Essential JS for PHP Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_4 version=site.version.2017_vol_4 %} 





## Autocomplete

### Features
{:#autocomplete-features}

* Provided search indices support for multicolumn pop-up, display format and search fields in the multicolumn autocomplete control can now be differentiated.

# Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

* Essential Studio for JavaScript components are now compatible with the latest version of jQuery 3.2.1

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}
 
* \#186530 -  The Essential JS for PHP is moved to production from beta release.
## FileExplorer

### Features
{:#fileexplorer-features}

* Provided the feature for selecting the files using area selection (mouse drag-select event).
* \#187589 - Provided option to customize the file replace alert text.
* \#183000 - Improved FileExplorer performance while loading more than 1000 files.
* \#188124 - Provided “beforeUploadDialogOpen” event for customizing the upload dialog content of FileExplorer.

 
## Kanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* \#161500, \#166915, \#174770, \#F128835 - The Kanban control now supports drag-and-drop operations between the Kanban board and other controls.
* \#179568, \#F131180 - Kanban empty columns can be rendered without binding a data source.

## Schedule

### Features
{:#schedule-features}

* \#148230, \#163522 - Custom view has been enhanced to display different set of continuous date ranges or specific date collection.
* \#138564, \#141079 - Support has been provided to export appointments to Excel format.
* \#185084 - Support provided to retain the scroll position, even after refreshing the entire layout.
* \#185976 - Support provided to auto-scroll the view when dragging an appointment to the edges.
* \#184777, \#162291 - Printing option has been enhanced to print the appointments with its background color.

## Slider

### Features
{:#slider-features}

* Provided button support to increment and decrement the slider values.

 
## Spreadsheet

### Features	
{:#spreadsheet-features}

* \#165067,\#168989,\#172008,\#180430,\#184577 - Provided support for cell styles customization.

* \#183747,\#186738 - Provided support for performance improvement for formulas calculation on importing.

* \#F128298 - Provided support for Building common JSON for both getExportProps and saveAsJSON method.

### Bug Fixes
{:#spreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#189113 - Provided support for select cells from another sheet while executing the formula.

* \#186209, \#180749 - Provided support for add custom colors for Conditional formatting.
## TextBoxes

### Features
{:#textboxes-features}

* \#182613 - We have provided the option to allow the decimal places without any limit.

## TreeView

### Features
{:#treeview-features}

* \#184008 – Provided nested object support in TreeView fields. That helps to map the complex data from data source.

### Breaking Changes
{:#treeview-breaking-changes}

* \#182105 - In previous, when we pass a single node with a parentID and target to addNode method, the node will append to the parentID’s node and currently node will append in to the target.
